# 11222025

## General Information

### Track information

    Name of track and Location = Blue Max Kart Club, Davis CA
    Track Length (m) = ~690 m

### Conditions

    Temp (C):
    10 am - 10
    11 am - 12
    12 pm - 14
    1 pm - 16
    2 pm -17
    3 pm - 17
    4 pm - 16
    5 pm - 14
    6 pm - 12
    7 pm - 11

    Foggy morning till ~11
    Damp track when we arrived but should burn off in sunlight around noon-1

### Charges

    Arrived: 114 V

### Run Information

    For each associated log, describe what tests were performed or whether they even contain useful information (turning on the car for 10 sec creates a log but isn't necessarily useful).

    Log 1: ~6 or so laps with a couple likely motor controller errors. Foggy cold driving around 10-11am. LV voltage low is a likely culprit for MC errors.
    Log 2: Restarted car after flashing regen firmware. No noteiceable difference in driving after regen according to driver (Daniel). Let LV battery charge a bit, drove it off to test regen and then off the track. Then let LV battery charge more while writing firmware to fix LV reading on dash and look at regen data. 
    Logs 3-5: Regen testing with random param stuff
    Log 6: Realized you need charge curr and negative torque to do regen
    Log 7: Back to normal to drive off track
    Logs 8-10: Random stuff testing
    Log 11: Regen probably working.
    Log 12/13: Are each a slow lap around the bleachers. Setting regen higher afterward
    Log 14: 2 laps with strong regen. Not great for driver and weird pedal mapping. Wheels locked up sometimes nice and linearly, sometimes its kind of random.
    Log 15: tried traction control but very weird (torque mapping at really low speeds is odd)
    Log 16: Trying the same firmware but only when HE values are > 1000